Recollections of Arthur Davies. Home life was very American. My dad spoke Welsh and my mother some Welsh, but we spoke English at home.
My father had a magnificent tenor voice and I remember that I would wake up in the morning and he would be out gardening.
And I can still hear those marvelous songs he was singing, some of them Welsh, some of them English.
I had a great time while at the Welsh Church. It was an exciting place for music. People sang their hearts out. You couldn't stop them.
To me it was thrilling. The volume, sincerity and the love of music. I have never heard anything like it anywhere.
I think that the Welsh people are the only ones I know of that sing like a choir.
We'd get together with the basses, the tenors, sopranos. Rather than listening to a choir, it became a choir.
We sang everywhere. Alki Beach, Woodland Park at the picnics. People would gather round just to listen. It was natural. No song sheets. It wasn't anything contrived.
The Welsh people formed a very close-knit group and it was really a community unto itself.
You can be sure that everybody went to Mrs. Williams' delicatessen before they go anywhere else.